Release google-cloud-bigtable 0.8.0 (#4364)
googleapis/google-cloud-ruby: google-cloud-bigtable/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

### 0.8.0 / 2019-11-01

#### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

> * **bigtable:** The following methods now raise Google::Cloud::Error instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The following methods now raise Google::Cloud::Error instead of
  Google::Gax::GaxError and/or GRPC::BadStatus:
  * Table#mutate_row
  * Table#read_modify_write_row
  * Table#check_and_mutate_row
  * Table#sample_row_keys
```

Reviewer 2: SGTM, I'll also apply the list in the features section below.

# Release History

### 0.8.0 / 2019-11-01

#### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

* The following methods now raise Google::Cloud::Error instead of
  Google::Gax::GaxError and/or GRPC::BadStatus:
  * Table#mutate_row
  * Table#read_modify_write_row
  * Table#check_and_mutate_row
  * Table#sample_row_keys

#### Features

* Raise Google::Cloud::Error from the following methods:
  * Table#mutate_row
  * Table#read_modify_write_row
  * Table#check_and_mutate_row

>   * Table#sample_row_keys

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to repeat this. It's already present under the breaking changes section.

Reviewer 2: Reverted.

Reviewer: @dazuma did you want the features section removed, or the sub-list reverted?
